[Home](https://avabrooks.github.io/avarepository/) | [Blog](https://avabrooks.github.io/avarepository/blog) | [Reflections](https://avabrooks.github.io/avarepository/reflections) | [Sorts](https://avabrooks.github.io/avarepository/reflections)

# Reflections for Trimester 3:

### 3/7: What can I do with Tech to improve mine or others education?

Technology is an essential part of our modern-day society. From simple text messages to a wide range of social media posts, technology is a tool that aides global communication and connection. Personally, through my creation of various websites in AP CSP and AP CSA, I have focused on a myriad of topics. With my most recent contribution being a tutoring site, this is a prime example of how I can use tech to improve the education of myself and others. In a very literal sense, this website can help connect tutors and tutees in need of help. While this can be done over other sites, the most recent creation was a one-stop-shop for all things Del Norte tutoring. By making things more easily accessible to the general public, finding resources can be easier for people, especially those who are younger. While websites just touch the brink of technology's potential, the work we produce in AP CSA can continue to provide connections among people worldwide.

For my education, technology has always played a large part in my personal development. Coming from Design 39, I was already pretty familiar with technology and its potential. While we relied on technology less at Del Norte, finally taking a computer science course my junior year allowed me to take on new endeavors with technology. For example, technology allowed me to develop better collaboration skills as well as leadership skills as I transitioned between roles in scrum teams. Experiencing more of a real-world environment in terms of a technology job allowed me to further my education towards a point where other classes would not guide me towards. Understanding the interworkings of technology, particularly in web development has helped me better understand how technology works and the methods behind the large impact that technology has on our daily lives.

For the education of others, exposing my own knowledge and learnings from my past 2 years in computer science at Del Norte can help the productivity and overall knowledge of my peers. A perfect example of this would be through Night at the Museum. While people may only see code or a running MVC front end for a few minutes, by highlighting the positives of technology and computer science, the small amounts of exposure can build up to a larger scale impact. As I continue on to college and eventually the 'real world,' using my learnings of technology will continue to help me progress through life and I can continue to educate and expose others to the interworkings of technology.
